feat: move credential docs into concept section (#85)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/concepts/credentials/3_terms-and-quote.md

---

The claimer may request and / or the attester may send the terms of the attestation, i.e., the requirements set by the participants (the claimer and the attester) for the conditions of the attestation.

These terms are defined and agreed upon before the attestation is created. This part of the process requires interaction and communication between both parties. This communication can be done independently, e.g. in person, via messaging, on social media etc., or via the KILT software development kit (SDK).

## Sending terms using the KILT SDK

Both “request terms” and “submit terms” are part of the messaging system: the message is sent as “request terms” and received as “submit terms”.

The interaction is as follows:

- The claimer creates optionally a partial `Claim` and sends an message to the attester questing the terms
- An attester creates an `Terms` object and sends it as part of a submit terms message back to the claimer.
- The claimer receives the terms message, checks the terms and, if all is in order, agrees to them

## How to create a terms object

When creating a terms object, at least one of the following must be set: Legitimations, Quote or Delegations.

> - **Legitimations**: Legitimations are Credentials, issued to the attester the claimer wants to interact with, showing that the attester has the authority or legitimacy to attest the claim requested. This is a way of establishing trust between the participants.

Reviewer: We're using attester and claimer lowercase here. I guess we will have an editorial round afterwards once we define all the style guidelines.

Author: 317bd4334a1cbfdb4f1aa7b1bbd7b7e8b7f2dd71

## How to create a quote

> A quote consists of costs, a timeframe and the terms and conditions of the work to be performed. It may be sent to the claimer by the attester. In cases where multiple attesters provide the same attestation (for example, a car inspection) the claimer may request a quote of several attesters to choose the attester with the best conditions.

Reviewer: Timeframe would be the expiration date?

Author: No, a timeframe for when the attestation will be created, AFAIK

Author: 317bd4334a1cbfdb4f1aa7b1bbd7b7e8b7f2dd71

Reviewer: Can you maybe add an explanation of what timeframe is supposed to mean?

};
```

## Agreeing to Terms and Quote

> If the claimer agrees to the `Terms`, he includes the information for it in the `Request for Attestation` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the claimer agrees to the `Terms`, they include the information for it in the `Request for Attestation` object.
```

Author: a270146b
